1. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has nominated at least one USC alumnus every year since the inception of the Academy Awards in 1929.

2. When USC first opened, tuition was $15.00 per term, and students were not allowed to leave town without the knowledge and consent of the university president.

3. USC's first class valedictorian was a woman, Minnie C. Miltimore, class of 1884.

4. Before they were named Trojans in 1912, USC athletic teams were called the Methodists, as well as the Wesleyans.

5. USC physicians serve more than one million patients each year.

6. The USC marching band is the only one in the U.S. that has earned a platinum record. In fact, the band's earned two.

7. Students at the USC School of Cinema-Television produce over 234 hours of motion picture each year and complete more than 100 full-length screenplays.

8. Since 1912, USC is the only university in the world to have a gold medal-winning athlete in every summer Olympiad.

9. USC student Tommy Walker composed the trumpet "Charge," now heard far and wide at athletic contests.

10. 1957 Alumnus Sol Price is the founder of the Price Club.

11. 1970 Alumnus Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon.

12. Ron Howard and Robert Zemeckis (Director for movie “Forrest Gump) are both USC film school graduates.

13. USC's "Fight On" song was used to inspire combat-bound troops in the Aleutians Campaign during World War II.

14. USC's Schools of Medicine and Pharmacy are the first and oldest in Southern California.

15. USC is the largest private employer in the City of Los Angeles.

16. USC graduates designed Los Angeles' City Hall, the Department of Water and Power Building, St. Basil's Catholic Church, and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.

17. A 400-pound stone fragment from the ancient city of Troy is in front of Taper Hall. The stone, quarried before 1200 B.C., once stood in the courtyard of a building believed to have been a temple of Trojan Apollo. Given to the university in 1952 by the Republic of Turkey, the stone links the modern USC traditions of Troy with that of the ancient Trojans.

University Seal
---------------
18. The university's seal displays three torches, representing the arts, the sciences, and philosophy. In heraldic language, the torch is a symbol of learning. In the background is the setting sun, representing the West and (in heraldic symbolism) power and life. Embracing the torches and sun is a California poppy, the USC flower and heraldic symbol of growth.

19. Completing the seal is the school motto. Motto = Palmam qui meruit ferat. (Let whoever earns the palm bear it.)

Trojans
-------
20. USC students have been known as Trojans for more than 80 years. The "Trojan" tradition originated from a 1912 Los Angeles Times article by sports writer Owen Bird, who likened the fighting spirit of USC athletes to the ancient Trojans.

21. Now a campus landmark fondly nicknamed "Tommy Trojan," this life-size bronze statue of a Trojan warrior was unveiled on June 6, 1930, as part of USC's 50th birthday celebration. Sculpted by Roger Noble Burnham, Tommy Trojan was modeled after different USC football players. On the bronze statue's granite pedestal are inscribed the qualities of the ideal Trojan: "faithful, scholarly, skillful, courageous, and ambitious."

22. The history of the "Spirit of Troy," the USC marching band, goes back to the inception of the university in 1880. The contemporary Trojan band began in 1970 with the arrival of Dr. Arthur C. Bartner and his unique "drive-it" style of marching. The band has performed at the Academy Awards, the Hollywood Bowl, the Rose Parade, and in numerous film and television productions. In 1979, the Trojan Marching Band recorded the title track for the album "Tusk" with the rock group Fleetwood Mac, which resulted in a platinum album for that song; no other collegiate marching band has ever been so honored.

International
------------
23. USC has more than 25,000 alumni outside of the USA.

24. USC is the only US university that has four regional offices in Asia: Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, and Taiwan.